 HOW TO WIN EVERY PAYPAL DISPUTE

Method 1:
A buyer has charged back a payment.
Paypal’s policy states that they do not cover parties when intangible items are purchased. This can be used in your advantage, with careful wording.
COPY PASTE TEXT BELOW

Hello,
The user purchased an intangible good from me for “Write what they purchased here”. Paypal’s policy states that they do not cover the buyer when intangible goods are purchased. Therefore, I deserve to receive my rightfully owned money, and the buyer should be looked into. Intangible items are not covered under you buyer protection policy.
Thank you,



Method 2:
An unauthorized access case was opened against you.
If a buyer has opened an unauthorized access case against you, this method is for you.
If you inform the support team to check the IP logs, you will be able to prove that unauthorized access was not made to the buyer’s account.
Hello,
The user bought an intangible item from me for “Write what they purchased here”. The user did not have unauthorized access to his account, you may check the IP logs to verify this fact. Also, due to the fact that the user purchased an intangible item, he is not covered by buyer protection. The user is trying to lie, and no unauthorized access took place. Please provide me with my rightfully owned money.
Thank you,
Name here.



Method 3:
Chargeback an item.
Have you purchased a virtual item, and would like to charge back the buyer? If you make it seem as if you have purchased a tangible item, Paypal will have no choice but to use Buyer Protection and award your money back.
The seller will not have a tracking # for the virtual item, and you will automatically win.
Hello sir/madame!
I was just wanting to know where my Headphones (INSERT ANY PRODUCT HERE, THAT FITS THE PRICE YOU PAID) are. It's been a little over 20 days.. now and I haven't received it at my house yet! If you could just send me a tracking number, I'll cancel this case immediately! Thanks! (YOUR NAME)



Method 4:
Open an unauthorized access case against a virtual good you purchased.
If you purchased a good, and convince PayPal that this transaction was unauthorized, then the money will be awarded to you.
FOR THIS TO WORK YOU MUST CHANGE YOUR SECURITY QUESTIONS AND PASSWORD BEFORE THE CASE IS FILED

Hello,
I believe that someone has gained remote access to my computer. Unauthorized payments were sent as well through PayPal. My computer just came from the virus removal center, and I would like help to receive my money back. I have also changed my password and security questions for further safety. Please help me receive the full amount that was sent with unauthorized access.
